Eugene Morrow: hello to Jane.
Andrea Orth: So far, it's just up and coming andrea's here.
Eugene Morrow: looking like it's gonna join us in a moment.
Eugene Morrow: audios.
bobmcCormack: morning everybody or good evening.
Kip Twitchell: Everyone.
Randall Ness: Do you dress for the occasion I you know what.
Kip Twitchell: i'm not feeling real well random.
Kip Twitchell: But I was cold.
Kip Twitchell: I said well since i'm kind of cool.
Kip Twitchell: actually put on a jacket.
Sandy Peresie: Of course I did.
Kip Twitchell: Have.
Kip Twitchell: Somebody I was in.
Kip Twitchell: A.
Randall Ness: Business meeting.
Kip Twitchell: A couple weeks ago and they.
Kip Twitchell: The guy said hey.
Kip Twitchell: You know so we're actually going to all work collared shirts.
Kip Twitchell: For this.
Kip Twitchell: discussion and I put on this collared shirt I have this yellow.
Kip Twitchell: colored shirt button down, and I said later told me carry us it, you know what i've been saving that shirt for a year Colvin.
Kip Twitchell: I haven't matured I took it to the dry cleaners i'll never get back to the dry cleaners, can I spent my yellow shirt for this one meeting, three weeks ago.
Kip Twitchell: I was everybody told me, it was worth it.
Randall Ness: It was five good you know I don't know.
Kip Twitchell: we'll find out.
Kip Twitchell: How we doing today agree.
Kip Twitchell: majority of our.
Kip Twitchell: team here on today.
Ian: Jill is on her way.
Kip Twitchell: Okay.
Sandy Peresie: Do you know if neil's joining.
Sandy Peresie: don't see him on slack I.
Kip Twitchell: pinged him earlier today he knew yesterday.
yeah.
Kip Twitchell: slides on he's on slack.
Sandy Peresie: Oh yes, he is.
Sandy Peresie: He wasn't before.
Kip Twitchell: hopping in.
Kip Twitchell: So when I went to zoom Andrea I don't know if.
Kip Twitchell: We have to schedule these at some point.
Andrea Orth: Item from the last time you attended I forgot all about that.
Kip Twitchell: You know what i'm I think we're lucky that this meeting ID worked I don't know I don't know how the meeting ID get assigned, but I was in there and I was like no I don't see the meeting scheduled.
Sandy Peresie: me there's no meeting tonight.
well.
Kip Twitchell: run the meeting right now.
yeah.
Kip Twitchell: I just gave you a link oh there's Joe perry's meal Tony.
GillianHannington: hi sorry I was late.
Kip Twitchell: No good to have you.
No problem.
Kip Twitchell: Jim send his apologies you won't be joining us tonight.
Kip Twitchell: But we have, I think we have a quorum here.
Good.
Kip Twitchell: Should we briefly just kind of.
Kip Twitchell: go over the agenda, we did a little bit of planning last week.
Kip Twitchell: On the issues.
Kip Twitchell: And just kind of tagged next to the issues, if you want to go to the Community.
Kip Twitchell: repo issue site you'll see the.
Kip Twitchell: issues that are tagged as meeting.
Kip Twitchell: So you had a.
Kip Twitchell: kind of a project, update and a blog we've been asked to do i'll talk about that briefly, we wanted to talk about the mentorship and and ideas for for good first issue again.
Kip Twitchell: There is an issue on updating Wikipedia what we need to do around that way commit a responsibility just confirm.
Kip Twitchell: What we're thinking about our competitors and how we're operating as an organization, make sure that we're all we're all clear on that.
Kip Twitchell: A little bit more about the website and wordpress and that reach into a little bit on.
Kip Twitchell: Maybe our plan is for next month and becoming a project.
Kip Twitchell: A little bit update on eyes nota.
Kip Twitchell: ggvc issue Oh, I think randall you said to close that one, and I think I still have it open, so I don't I mean that's because.
Kip Twitchell: And the Community guide and blog updates okay.
Kip Twitchell: So let me kind of give a brief update on things from my side we.
Kip Twitchell: had a meeting with john martek on Monday just kind of a status meeting.
Kip Twitchell: randall noted recently that that awesome Zoe team are the only ones that have.
Kip Twitchell: Perhaps have websites, besides the IMP website for our projects.
Kip Twitchell: The senses were you know from from john is he's very complimentary on the work we're doing as a project and, as a team yeah he appreciates the energy we have and then we're moving forward in a good way our influence.
Kip Twitchell: is broader than just the Geneva ERS project this Thursday on the technical advisory committee, the TAC.
Kip Twitchell: will be reviewing and approve the tech should be approving a project that we're we kind of started sponsoring and sandy and I are running.
Kip Twitchell: For the open the CEOs enablement project Oh, he is he the RD project.
Kip Twitchell: it's about helping.
Kip Twitchell: Helping with tools code and tools and approaches to providing greater access to CEOs environments based upon our own experience of challenges of of doing an open source development effort.
Kip Twitchell: feedback on that has been very positive on the work group we started and.
Kip Twitchell: So there's some some good energy in that side of things as well we're running those periodically.
Andrea Orth: Yes, clarifying question when you use the word project does that mean a.
Andrea Orth: incubation project or just a working group still.
Kip Twitchell: that's a working group so good good point Andrew that my senses in all NP there's three kinds of levels there's a working group.
Kip Twitchell: Which isn't necessarily something that may even have code associated with it there's an incubation project and then there's a full fledged project.
Kip Twitchell: And in and for the the work group the artsy working group it's right now will be approved as a working group, but we have leads on potentially to code contributions that I think may be something will trigger it to become a project.
Kip Twitchell: On on an organization that.
Kip Twitchell: has some code that internally, they use to allow people to have access to zero s environments.
Kip Twitchell: Employees to request a zero s environment.
Kip Twitchell: And then there's also actually maybe i'll share your briefly have not.
Kip Twitchell: I haven't explored this oh.
Kip Twitchell: So host disabled sharing i'm probably not the host today, I might.
Andrea Orth: Nobody is the host today.
Kip Twitchell: nobody's asked today so maybe we won't share.
Andrea Orth: yeah yes we're not sharing that's really odd.
Kip Twitchell: I tried to log in as the host of the meeting wasn't on the schedule, so I can do that.
Kip Twitchell: um.
Kip Twitchell: So the there's a if you search actually aws CEOs there's a.
Kip Twitchell: blog entry from January 20 about.
Kip Twitchell: IBM Z the empty empty development and test environments available on.
Kip Twitchell: On aws.
Kip Twitchell: So that may provide us another mechanism by which we could enable more access to cms environments.
Ian: By the way, you can claim to be the host there's a little button on the right hand side on the three dots and you can claim to be the host.
NeilBeesley: Even if you're an imposter.
Ian: Perhaps I haven't actually tried it it just says claim to be almost.
Ian: Almost.
Ian: underneath all the participants that says invite me and me, and then the three little dots click on the three little dots and you can claim host.
Kip Twitchell: me and I don't have those.
Kip Twitchell: Your.
Ian: leads the enter host key claim.
Ian: The six digit key or sign in to claim host.
Kip Twitchell: Well anyway i'll keep going if somebody can figure that out that'd be great.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, so maybe that's, I guess, maybe i'll go more to the more pertinent topic, rather than the secondary timing I john asked us, you asked me what we were thinking about becoming a full project right.
Kip Twitchell: And I said well john we kind of protectively thought about perhaps.
Kip Twitchell: Trying to go for that the attack meeting will be the second Thursday of of March for for applying them to be a full fledged project I said, you know I don't think we're we're there in terms of our code release.
Kip Twitchell: And you know we certainly can't say that we've done all of the things on the ci infrastructure badging thing that are required, according to the the badge requirements right.
Kip Twitchell: So you know I don't know if we we could get there, but it was kind of a goal we had set out a little bit to try to do so, I think, part of the discussion today, I wanted to have was about.
Kip Twitchell: about that and.
Kip Twitchell: man.
Kip Twitchell: What we think is possible, what we want to shoot for what are impediments to getting there I don't get the sense, and you know I don't have anyone that's given me a written assurance of any kind, I don't get the sense that there's a large audit that goes on relative to becoming a project.
Kip Twitchell: I suspect TAC members in the midst of the meeting would likely go to our repos and look at things in the repos and look at stuff there.
Kip Twitchell: But I think that that would probably be the most inspection there'll be some questions, I suspect, to us, which we would answer honestly fairly in the meeting.
Kip Twitchell: But I think that that's more what the nature of this going for a project looks like I told, he said, Kim, what do you think your impediments are.
Kip Twitchell: doing all the things that are loud light in the sea, I imagine, I said john it's not that there's any we have any problems with working towards those things it's purely an issue of capacity and time to get there, he said Okay, I can understand that it's not it's not.
Kip Twitchell: Some fundamental disagreement about we shouldn't do those kinds of things, or that sort of thing.
Kip Twitchell: So let me pause there with that kind of introduction what's our feeling.
Kip Twitchell: About attempting to become a full fledged product project.
Kip Twitchell: And the timing for that.
bobmcCormack: Okay, my two cents worth is having looked through the CIO badge of the last couple of days.
bobmcCormack: Meeting it.
bobmcCormack: Is.
bobmcCormack: Straightforward except for one issue and that issue is gets around about the storage of passwords within the workbench, it would seem that we do not meet.
bobmcCormack: The requirements, we would have two things to do and that's and the technical issue about doing that is yet to be determined on how much you can do cost us an effort.
bobmcCormack: We currently use Java six for storage of the password that we use to connect to the database now.
bobmcCormack: and correct me if i'm wrong do we still need passwords to correct a connect to the postgres.
Ian: yeah yes, you do okay um.
Ian: The normally it's locally well at the moment it's a local postgres database, but it could be anywhere.
Ian: On it is still bias in the same way.
bobmcCormack: Right, because the the Java X that you're using doesn't seem to i've been researching and I hadn't pinned it down exactly yet, but.
bobmcCormack: It may not proved to be a recognized or.
bobmcCormack: valid member of a process within the open source community and, of course, you would have to add password protection to the user ID that you currently obfuscate rather than you know I think back by six.
bobmcCormack: I believe we do.
Ian: I think yeah I don't know that we need to do it for that one because it's stored in the database.
Ian: it's it's kind of an independent password.
Ian: We I mean we could do for that as well.
Ian: and store as it's encrypted form.
Ian: yeah currently we use the D s algorithm.
Ian: I don't know anything about how how it's blessed in the in the Open Source world.
bobmcCormack: And yeah.
Ian: I don't know how to change to something else i'm suspect we can we can do it relatively easily, though.
yeah.
bobmcCormack: Well, I think we need to look at it further i'll keep researching the next day or so on whether the current job X with the dares selection is suitable.
bobmcCormack: And if so, we could then use it for the other one, otherwise we may be forced into one of those other method methods that stated in the ci badge documentation.
bobmcCormack: So that's where we are kip we're a little bit of a horns a dilemma one is is their current approach correct, we need for the database passwords and we will need to implement a new process to store the actual workbench user ID as well.
Kip Twitchell: So thank you for that can I can I back up to the first comment you made as making that comment.
Kip Twitchell: Just, just to clarify and make sure I I understand their your your comment was that the that the only major issue you see as around this password issue to comply with the CIA requirements, did I understand that correctly, is that is that.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, that's me now.
bobmcCormack: yeah in terms of gotchas the others are just a matter of simple matter of programming, so that when we do things in.
bobmcCormack: Get we follow the badge rules such as you know, we ensure that we do dynamic scanning we show we do static scanning.
bobmcCormack: yada yada yada and semantic version and all that sort of stuff so that's this is mo piece, but the the gotcha at the moment is the password issue because we can't talk ourselves out of that, so we need to.
bobmcCormack: come up with a solution.
Kip Twitchell: Well okay so just reacting to that up that's great news right, I mean you know we're we're this where we're narrowing down the issues that far and that's that's very good to hear.
Kip Twitchell: You know it's okay to have issues it's nice to have fewer issues and it's very nice to be working on those issues, so I appreciate.
That.
Ian: The other thing I talked about with randall and I believe you mentioned to you was the process of getting the cold from.
Ian: Behind the IBM firewall out into github currently there's a.
Ian: staging post in github slash IBM where john does whatever he john or his minions do whatever they do.
Ian: Yes, and then we move it to Geneva us.
Ian: My suggestion was just move it directly to God Geneva ERS but as a private repository to which we grant access.
Kip Twitchell: And I I am prayed I did not feel well today in and failed to follow up with john to find out if that would be okay, for us to do that.
Kip Twitchell: And I suggested you guys can suggest around all that when we asked john I could say john if there's and we don't want to leave bad history in a repo so if something went wrong and you did find something wrong in terms of the license we'd be okay deleting the repo and starting over.
Kip Twitchell: Because this would be our initial population of it anyway and see if he'd be okay with.
Kip Twitchell: Simplifying the process.
Kip Twitchell: Of that so.
Kip Twitchell: I think that that's.
Kip Twitchell: that's very good, we can ask that and that'd be great if we could I guess we're meeting again in two weeks, and we should make that a goal to have that done and accomplished, an issue out there by that point would be great I think.
Ian: I almost have three repositories ready to go.
Kip Twitchell: And i'll start so would that be to run control the workbench.
Ian: They is the workbench the test framework and i've called it, the Java front end, which is the.
Ian: it's got the flow analyze it in it and the code that will head towards being Mr 91.
Kip Twitchell: Okay yeah.
Kip Twitchell: I think we.
Ian: started that one yet.
Kip Twitchell: yeah we started calling that run control, if you want to call it something different, we could rename that was.
Kip Twitchell: that's sure yeah okay.
Sandy Peresie: So can I ask a question.
Sandy Peresie: yeah um.
Sandy Peresie: Does the password thing affect the running the execution the performance engine.
Ian: No.
Sandy Peresie: Okay, so can we become a project by just having the performance engine out there for people to play with.
Sandy Peresie: Is that a stopgap goal.
Kip Twitchell: Sorry, I think I found a house code.
Kip Twitchell: Andrea I just painted to you.
Randall Ness: I guess so.
Kip Twitchell: sandy if I took your question correctly it's about I mean, I guess, I related back to where we're at on the.
Kip Twitchell: On the infinity icon.
Kip Twitchell: machine.
Randall Ness: In terms of our.
Kip Twitchell: usability of what we have there right.
Kip Twitchell: We have.
Kip Twitchell: We have a version there that's using.
Kip Twitchell: postgres for the local database are you are you going to something different than that, and I think the issue here is not that the if I.
Kip Twitchell: stood Bob and.
Kip Twitchell: And incorrectly.
Kip Twitchell: The issue is not so much that the code, we have is it doesn't work it's that it doesn't adhere to you know the best practices around password management.
Sandy Peresie: Is that correct correct yeah yeah I understand that, but you know if you're not using the password for the performance engine um you know people could technically.
Sandy Peresie: download.
Sandy Peresie: VP.
Sandy Peresie: and run a performance engine on their own machines yes um which might be a stage one stage two type of delivery release.
Sandy Peresie: Just a different way of looking at it, so we can become a full fledged project.
Kip Twitchell: Well yeah so that's a so I see where you're going sandy you're suggesting this it go ahead yeah.
Ian: The test framework called that I have allows you to exercise the performance engine.
Ian: On a remote machine via ftp.
Ian: I haven't tested by pointing at Viacom yet, but it works when I pointed out an internal IBM.
Ian: mainframe.
Ian: It you need a password you need your password to login to the mainframe but it's not stored anywhere it's just used you enter it asks you for the password and uses it as part of the ftp.
Ian: So there's no storage and that we could.
Ian: bless to get that blessed and put that out into the world.
Ian: may be aware, to get something out there that we could say we had some code there.
Kip Twitchell: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: So, I guess, maybe i'll put this up a little bit for discussion in a vote here.
Kip Twitchell: Do we want to try to target the second Thursday of March to.
Kip Twitchell: see if we can become a full fledged project any.
Kip Twitchell: Any hesitancy about charging to that trying to trying to make that happen.
Randall Ness: And to achieve that, we have to satisfy what we have to have how much source code out there.
Kip Twitchell: So it would be good if we had.
Kip Twitchell: The three repositories that ends talking about.
Kip Twitchell: Where would we be good.
Kip Twitchell: Good question randall Where would we be on the performance engine God what's the status on that.
Randall Ness: Well let's see so.
Randall Ness: Bob were you looking at changing these copyright notices to include the Apache license in the performance engine code.
bobmcCormack: Yes, that's still to do on my part.
bobmcCormack: i'm still playing around with that.
bobmcCormack: In parallel.
bobmcCormack: The other thing, of course, is.
Randall Ness: At what point can we divorce.
bobmcCormack: The P into two portions.
bobmcCormack: IBM and IBM.
Kip Twitchell: For the.
Kip Twitchell: For the zip enablement pieces right.
bobmcCormack: plus some memory stuff I think.
NeilBeesley: SIP stuffs done isn't it.
GillianHannington: Sorry lazy noisy here in a minute and yeah the zip stuff has been delivered so that's been separated out and.
Randall Ness: How we manage the.
GillianHannington: bills i'm still not really clear on that.
and
GillianHannington: we've also got to make sure that being db db to stuff separated that as well.
GillianHannington: as well, I think all it is.
Randall Ness: I think all of this is just a matter of having a build process that just doesn't include that six module and doesn't include the db to via V San module and then I think I think that's all you really need to have to say that we're a Geneva urs performance engine.
Randall Ness: Okay.
GillianHannington: As far as i'm concerned that that codes, the coatings done it's um.
GillianHannington: it's just a matter of place, I just to build.
Randall Ness: well.
bobmcCormack: In that case, randall what we can do is, we can.
bobmcCormack: I can move the performance engine from our to see into.
bobmcCormack: The IBM github.
bobmcCormack: By for the assembler and the.
bobmcCormack: end the macros and copy parts.
bobmcCormack: We don't worry about the.
bobmcCormack: c plus plus.
bobmcCormack: And then we could do a.
bobmcCormack: Very simple build process of doing a get clone populating exhaust libraries and running assemblies.
bobmcCormack: And of course in in parallel update the Apache license as well.
bobmcCormack: So.
bobmcCormack: One of them if you're happy, I can make a start on that and we can report back in there fortnight call the next one in fortnight.
Kip Twitchell: I think that'd be an excellent car wow I like that let's.
Listen.
Kip Twitchell: and
Ian: i'm also wondering whether we should.
Ian: An initial thing release the c++ Code as a as a throwaway thing we're not going to develop it at all.
Kip Twitchell: No, I think that's interesting idea yeah and I thought that for a long time.
Kip Twitchell: that the old the old c++ version right.
Randall Ness: yeah the place on.
Randall Ness: It.
Ian: Well it's because it's the only front end you've got the only am I 91 you have until, but you can I don't know how it's done what you can put it there in we can make it buildable.
Ian: But you you freeze it we're not going to do any more development on it, it is what it is and we're going to replace it with a Java version, but it will allow someone to do the job, the problem.
Ian: You have to you can only do it through workbench xml because it doesn't talk to postgres, but it still has a path if if we can generate workbench xml out of the postgres database, but that will be the only path for you how.
bobmcCormack: What about licensing within the c++ code do we have any gotchas there you think a.
Ian: Good question.
Ian: I can't.
Randall Ness: Think of any off the top my head.
Ian: Okay, so I tried, I took out.
Ian: All the third party things that were floating around.
bobmcCormack: that's in the vc mainline.
Ian: yeah and yeah and it does make an odd vc connection, but I don't think that's a problem it's not the jd vc connection, but we have in fact yeah we just disable about we wouldn't do that the Open Source anyway.
Ian: Just make it run purely and simply off with bench xml.
Kip Twitchell: yeah it brings up a point, but we should probably update the.
Kip Twitchell: Third party license agreement under the Community document because we still have db to database for CEOs listed there and we've made changes to them so.
bobmcCormack: So that was the licenses in the Community.
bobmcCormack: You have dropped, maybe two okay.
Kip Twitchell: Well Okay, I, like the energy, I, like the discussion, it seems very good to me.
Andrea Orth: Okay.
Andrea Orth: Yes, I don't want to that goal, you got to have some sort of write up like announcement, for I don't know oh MPs page or something.
Kip Twitchell: yeah well good Andrea you're going on to the next agenda item which you know is assigned to you actually.
Randall Ness: we've been asked to do a blog.
Kip Twitchell: update for.
Kip Twitchell: posting on the oh NP by the end of the month and.
Kip Twitchell: So there's a little bit here and and you know I have been pretty vocal about the date of March 15 next month in the 25th anniversary of when the Stewart alsop said, the last mainframe was going to be turned off he predicted that in 1993 saying.
Kip Twitchell: march 15 1996 will be the day the last mainframe has turned off well next month is 25 years to the day.
Kip Twitchell: So john martek said hey can you know we'll be doing a spring news release around that you've generated some energy around that and if you go and become a project we didn't include you as part of that.
Kip Twitchell: So I agree, I think you know my sense here we've got enough energy.
Kip Twitchell: We haven't figured all the issues out but.
Kip Twitchell: It would be good for us to kind of start drafting that blog entry with the idea that we want to be announcing you know that we're becoming a full fledged project and just just make this a big deal for the project, you know public announcement in that sense.
Okay.
Kip Twitchell: So let's give it a shot.
Sandy Peresie: Are there specific topics, you want to talk about.
Kip Twitchell: Well, so may gave me if you look at the issue project update blog do it's issue number 92 may gave specific kind of what she was looking for.
Kip Twitchell: Where the projects going in 2021.
Kip Twitchell: Quick overview of the project few milestones for this year summary of how to get involved.
Kip Twitchell: So.
Kip Twitchell: let's kind of go there, a little bit more.
Kip Twitchell: Just so one thing that you guys know john mentioned that the Linux Foundation has a process where they they create.
Kip Twitchell: llc limited liability corporations to be legal entities to hold the intellectual property for projects.
Kip Twitchell: What it means is it doesn't change how we operate at all as a project.
Kip Twitchell: All it means is that the Linux Foundation has established.
Kip Twitchell: A limited liability corporation, and all of the assets of Geneva ERS, including the domain name and our code and and our website all of that stuff would be listed as owned by the limited liability Corporation.
Kip Twitchell: The the purpose, for that is that it it helps protect the open source community that if somebody were to try to go use the Code against our Apache to point a license.
Kip Twitchell: That there's a there's a legal entity that has standing with which to go Sue to go get enforcement about hey.
Kip Twitchell: You know you're not complying with with the ownership of this this code and what the license looks like is unlikely that happens.
Kip Twitchell: um but you know it, the process, they have to create these things is fairly low cost for them they've set this up fairly well.
Kip Twitchell: So um there's he was asking us about our feelings about that my sense is that it would be a good thing to do, I don't think that there's any downside to doing that, but let me throw that out there, see if there's any questions or feelings about that in the Community here.
Ian: As far as I understand the Apache to license is pretty.
Ian: pretty much.
Ian: Take it as it is on you do whatever you like, with it that's that's my non legally summary of it.
Kip Twitchell: Well, you do have to you do have to pass on the license in, and you have to be clear about where the materials came from that you took from the license so there's some transparency involved in the lights.
Ian: Okay yeah.
Ian: Okay, I see yep.
Ian: As I complete the side.
Ian: Can I give a shout out to van Carter who has joined the meeting hi Ben.
Kip Twitchell: Oh Hello van cat, thank you for joining Gaddafi here.
VenkateswaraKaikala: yep hi everyone.
Kip Twitchell: Any any other feelings on that legal entity point just.
Kip Twitchell: Because I think probably becoming a project would be a good point for us to get that done.
Randall Ness: Okay.
Randall Ness: sounds good to me Okay, thank you.
NeilBeesley: llc that's owned by the Linux foundation.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, right.
Kip Twitchell: They would be the owners of it.
NeilBeesley: So that makes it totally safe.
NeilBeesley: Yes, for any corporation to come and use it as an open source product.
Yes.
Kip Twitchell: It gives them a very neutral and and guaranteed way of knowing that it's open source.
Kip Twitchell: there's a lot of there's a lot of liability that gets reduced for companies by participating in that sort of thing because it's not.
NeilBeesley: Because people like Morgan Stanley look at stuff like that yep.
Kip Twitchell: Because lawsuits around intellectual property can be very expensive yeah.
Kip Twitchell: Okay let's go to just a minute here on the we want to have a little bit of discussion about our website right now we're using wordpress as the hosting editing tool for our website.
Kip Twitchell: there's been a suggestion that we might think about more open source approaches to our website development and and such and I know.
Kip Twitchell: Andrea and sandy you've had a few thoughts on this if there's others that have joined in what, what are we thinking about migrating her website what we would go to in that space.
Andrea Orth: So it's kind of a.
Andrea Orth: Two pronged discussion I think most of the discussion was around our consumer documentation, or whoever wants to use Geneva areas of using a more open source solution.
Andrea Orth: there's various tools out there, such as you go and jackal I know there's more but NK docs.
Andrea Orth: That they use get to hold the static content.
Andrea Orth: Yes, and then you can use your pipelines, etc.
Andrea Orth: With these other tools such as you go and it generates the basically the presentation layer and there's.
Andrea Orth: No with you go they have it's also open source of some sort and people contribute.
Andrea Orth: Things for similar to wordpress themes, for you know look and feel.
Andrea Orth: of how the website is.
Andrea Orth: When it comes to completely replacing Jenny brs I haven't looked too hard at that.
Andrea Orth: Because it might have some different requirements and i'd have to look at some things.
yep.
Ian: i've been doing some work on this very topic.
Ian: bundle tell you.
Ian: there's a tool called gatsby.
Ian: Which is a javascript no jess way of doing it it's exactly the same kind of thing, as you go.
Ian: it's got some wonderful themes that have been looking at them i've been getting eugene involved, given that he's our technical writer person.
Ian: he's been having look as well.
Ian: And this is not a replace would not be a replacement for the wordpress sites.
Ian: It would be a.
Ian: an adjunct if you look at how we do this, they have a site called zombie.org, but they also have a zombie Doc site.
Ian: Yes, and no we Doc site is run through they are currently running through a thing called view press the UV press.
Ian: When I was chatting to one of their developers and they're finding that quite limited.
Ian: In fact, I talked to this girl in Shanghai.
Ian: and explained what I was looking at and she was quite interested when I was looking at and then tried to recruit me to come and join the zoho projects.
Ian: and
Ian: But i've been looking at this Godspeed looks really good.
Ian: And, as I said, to eugene the key that we got to choose, something that.
Ian: The tool does not hinder us, we can concentrate on what we want in the content, so the likes of eugene can use it and create the documentation that we want to create without being bogged down by the tool.
Ian: And from what I can see back gatsby is it will do that.
Ian: And there are some links, I have four sites that I can I can email us all some bits and pieces or eugene kind about the things that we've been looking at some of them look really nice, one of the problems that the zombie the if you've seen this already dark sides.
Ian: there.
Ian: They don't like the the being constrained to the two column view the the thing about one of the views, one of the themes i've just been looking at is it's a three column thing so it's a bit like gretel website and it's a bit like the agile website, you get.
Ian: kind of an index on the left, what you're really readings on the right and on the right hand side you get a kind of an internal content page.
Ian: An internal content list.
Ian: At the top you've got the bonds of jump howdy jump around.
Ian: it's kind of cool.
Kip Twitchell: And just so i'm clear this is more around it kind of how I viewed it a little bit this.
Kip Twitchell: I think there's value in having our website be just a bit more dynamic.
Kip Twitchell: Certainly there's an overlap in what you do for the website and what you do for the documentation in the to have to have an intersection at a point right.
Kip Twitchell: But a lot of the ones i've done the website sort of work on on the wordpress site right it's there's value in in being able to kind of make changes pretty quickly on a website relative to something happens on the project get something out there fairly quickly.
Kip Twitchell: about what it does and and the history and and so it's it's a bit more public relations oriented, as opposed to.
Kip Twitchell: To the documentation sort of work.
Kip Twitchell: Is that that's your sense to you came in.
Ian: yeah yeah these guys, besides the run through github.
Ian: You basically.
Ian: Credit branch change whatever you want to change commit the branch publish it and you're done.
Ian: It will be there out on the website.
Kip Twitchell: I mean if we shouldn't do some experimentation Andrew.
Andrea Orth: well.
Andrea Orth: One question I have is.
Andrea Orth: For this March 13 bowl.
Andrea Orth: Because I think we should have some changes made i've been looking at that site look in the back requirements and thinking about the date, and I think some things on the site, need to be more clear yep you know, so if we get more traffic.
Andrea Orth: They can have a better idea of what we're doing, and all that good stuff.
Andrea Orth: So the question is, do we want to do we have time to experiment and have something by the march 13 day or do we leave as is for now.
Kip Twitchell: No, I think it's good Andrea I know you say that question answered comes to me fairly clearly it's okay to experiment, but let's not make it a deadline of March 13 right.
Kip Twitchell: We could I don't think conversion is something important for the March 13 date of the website really right in terms of going to a better tooling.
Kip Twitchell: I should look here real briefly at.
Kip Twitchell: The.
Kip Twitchell: Look at the the due date for the wordpress site it's an it's an $84 charge for a year, so, even if we paid another $84 for the next year.
Kip Twitchell: that's probably not a big deal.
Kip Twitchell: If we needed to go there, I mean, let me check the date on that renewal of that that.
Sandy Peresie: So the different options that we're talking about our Hugo gets being then maybe get pages.
Ian: pages is really jackal.
Sandy Peresie: Oh, is it okay.
Sandy Peresie: It is you go gets being jackal yeah.
Ian: And if you wanted to think about the design docs that view press, but I would just rolled out without.
Sandy Peresie: Saying if they're if they're finding problems already you know.
Ian: yeah yeah the differences in terms of programming language just get pages kind of automated but.
Ian: You don't you have less control over what you get.
Ian: In you can create your own checklist sites hugo's written in go it's the language go, hence the Hugo.
Ian: got to be is javascript so it's a lot like javascript on how to do that one.
Ian: and
Ian: What was the third one.
Sandy Peresie: It was jackal.
Ian: jackal jackal was written in Ruby Ruby.
Ian: Which i'm not quite sure about.
Sandy Peresie: I think I read something that Ruby was on the downswing.
Ian: yeah it is what javascript is kind of.
Ian: The latest hot thing.
Ian: I was going to try and post some links through this chat thing.
Ian: And I sent them to eugene there.
Ian: A little while ago.
Kip Twitchell: While you're doing that in so Andrea are our website was I registered domain name on April 14.
Kip Twitchell: So we have to, we have an $18 charge and an $84 or pardon me $42 41 year.
Kip Twitchell: charged coming up on April 14.
Kip Twitchell: that's for Geneva year s.com and Geneva year s.wordpress.com.
Kip Twitchell: Then in June 17 I registered junior year s.org.
Andrea Orth: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: that's an $18 charge so.
Kip Twitchell: Now those charges, we may be able to turn those over to to the Linux foundation anyway, you know as part of this so that may not be a big deal but that's kind of a dates for when things turn over on us.
Ian: there's a link posted there, of a kind of the kind of thing I was aiming for.
Ian: Obviously the you can change the colors the funds all the rest of it all.
Ian: Flexible.
Kip Twitchell: yeah this looks very much like the layout that's used in spark documentation.
Ian: yeah it's it's nice nice thing on the left the men, but in the middle and there's a contents in into sub contents thing on the right.
Ian: And you can put whatever you like on top, and then you have and generally, you have a landing page on top of it all with different sections.
Sandy Peresie: And it's this one i'm sorry.
Ian: This would be through god's be this one.
Yes.
Ian: that's one of one of the guts be example ones, I believe.
Ian: The the key the it's what you, am what i'm trying to look for is what the Info is that style and then there are some clouds there that are free, you just I can you got to create another repository to hold all the stuff.
Ian: You created guts be repository.
Ian: And then you start it i've been doing it in i'm looking at some of the stuff in the evenings.
Ian: In in a few days time, you might have an example gatsby thing that I can show you what it's working out of my personal github account.
Ian: I won't put any direct Geneva us something anything in there she'll just say here is an example kind of gatsby website.
Ian: We can use it out of there.
Sandy Peresie: So I said there's a guest be repository it's not a github repository.
Ian: know your kid you create a github repository with got the source code in there.
Sandy Peresie: Okay fancy source code Okay, well, we already have a documentation repository this is kind of stuff we put it there right.
Ian: Now that's it well sort of it, but it says, it would be a different a different one.
Ian: yeah.
Sandy Peresie: That was one of the things we were supposed to we're supposed to go over is what's in each repository with a little bit more details i'm from last week, two weeks ago.
Ian: So.
Sandy Peresie: So.
Sandy Peresie: I think we need to.
Ian: think the way that it kind of works or a way that it would kind of work is that each of repositories would also have a parallel documentation repository.
Ian: Or you could try and put them all in one place it's probably more flexible, to have a Doc suppository for each one that you want to document.
Ian: If you're looking Zoe they've got laws repositories.
Ian: But.
Ian: You can choose to put them all in one, but you step on each other's toes maybe I don't know.
Ian: So documenting the actual assembler performance engine thing and how to run it.
Ian: could be done separately to to the test framework repository the documentation.
Kip Twitchell: Let me.
Kip Twitchell: Let me, let me just pre miss you have for just a second here sandy to your point, this is under if you go under, Geneva ERS and teams.
Kip Twitchell: This is one of the points that we wanted to kind of clarify these are the the we have been given full authority Finally on on we've proven ourselves worthy of having control of our repos and such.
Kip Twitchell: So the way the the Open Source communities work under.
Kip Twitchell: Linux foundation is that a competitor's form a committee that that if there was something that needed to be voted on and.
Kip Twitchell: It doesn't often happen, you know, we were very collaborative group so you know we're not tremendously formal, but if there was something where there was some disagreement among us.
Kip Twitchell: that the people, the way form of decisions are made is that the competitors for our project form a committee that vote for any of the proposals or are any of.
Kip Twitchell: The ways that we need to go so right now, just so you're aware, this is the.
Kip Twitchell: The set of competitors, which in a sense would probably be tied to the different repos.
Kip Twitchell: Community of competitors documentation repo gv be live, which was kind of our utility library that we were working with performance engine think that this was running control for him or 91 resources was intended to be like.
Kip Twitchell: sample J cl and script generators.
Kip Twitchell: spark PLC and the workbench.
Okay.
Kip Twitchell: I don't know that there's much more that needs to be said about that we're kind of running short a little bit on time, but I did want to cover that off real briefly any questions comments on that.
NeilBeesley: The example data with okay.
NeilBeesley: Does that have to be gone, where does that have to be got for all.
Kip Twitchell: Well, right now, the example data sits under there's limits on on github for file sizes, I had attempted to put the the we could put a cut down version if we wanted to under perhaps resources.
Kip Twitchell: The full Virginia data for volume testing github does not allow those sizes of files right so.
Kip Twitchell: The data today.
Kip Twitchell: sits in something called data warrant is a free place that I found that allowed me to upload the full set of data.
NeilBeesley: But we could have a cut down version and a set of the DPS and JC oh what goes.
Kip Twitchell: Well, yes, so and I I would view that as being something that went under resources kind of a utility space for something.
Ian: that we need to have the data itself, or do we just have a link to the actual data.
Kip Twitchell: I think that we're doing a number of work and i'll let you comment here, Neil sandy we're we're doing some work on getting the data in a better form.
Kip Twitchell: and southern raw data that's sitting in the data world it may be useful for us to have a very small event file that allows testing out of an environment very quickly kind of a factor in my mind.
sure.
Ian: I would have thought perhaps the best thing to do was to refer to the.
Ian: Third party data and then have a.
Ian: How do you monetize it projects and that's what you run first and then you don't need to store the data at all.
Kip Twitchell: could do that.
NeilBeesley: How much work is that, though, when in the data preparation, shall I call it.
I mean that's been.
NeilBeesley: Some programming going on Sunday.
Sandy Peresie: yeah.
Sandy Peresie: Can you hear me.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, we can hear you okay.
um.
Sandy Peresie: there's the original data was out there and csv format, some of it is is fixed format some of its not in data world.
Sandy Peresie: Right that's not at all what the Virginia data is Virginia data is all comedy limited, and you know, so the data has been massaged quite a bit.
Sandy Peresie: Alright, and we are doing additional massaging on Viacom so um you know if we're going to put you know sample data out there, we probably want to take these files off of icon and stick them in the resource repository.
Kip Twitchell: Of that is it just to.
Kip Twitchell: Just to echo what you're saying that part of the issues is that it's common to limited file it's not very mainframe friendly no.
Kip Twitchell: So we're having to do a bunch of work to get it into something that would be more typical of a mainframe data environment dan's point we could do this more of a systematic development of maintaining each one of the steps and and being able to repeat those steps to do that.
Kip Twitchell: I don't know.
Sandy Peresie: They would be a really, really cool.
Sandy Peresie: On p.
Sandy Peresie: What is it that the thing that we're trying to one of the.
Kip Twitchell: Z ozzy project.
Sandy Peresie: No, no, no, no i'm the the people that mentor.
Ian: channel danger.
Ian: yeah it's it's an it will be kind of an adjunct process project to to to Geneva ERS of how do you massage your data to be digestible.
Kip Twitchell: You know that's an interesting point that's come up here sandy you're right that's a fairly useful mentoring project isn't it.
Sandy Peresie: yeah it is.
Sandy Peresie: It is you can you know I mean they can go out and get the Virginia data, and you know I think we have to think about that that that actually would be a good thing I don't know if it's too late, because I never got a response back, but you know I take your point.
Sandy Peresie: And that they know it's a really it's probably a really good idea to be able to go out and not store the data anywhere just have a process like you said that says go out to this website and.
Sandy Peresie: pick up some data now, having said that there is some issue with some of the roles, I think kip you found some of that so it had it had to be a fairly.
Sandy Peresie: You don't want to think blowing up because they're going to think it's it's Geneva your us enough, the data, so you have to make sure the data is it does not have any.
Sandy Peresie: issues in it, which is, I don't believe is the case and and the format changes, based on the year so.
Sandy Peresie: I think um I think it's a good idea to have that um you know I just think it's a.
Sandy Peresie: bit to bite off right now.
Sandy Peresie: Unless somebody to do it.
Kip Twitchell: And sandy at maybe at this point, simply maintaining a list of tasks that are done that have been done a running log of what was done.
Kip Twitchell: Maybe, all we can do at this point in terms of that just to keep us making progress, but that list of tasks that we've done to do that, then becomes the basis for for building it in a more automated way if we're short on capacity at this point.
sure.
Kip Twitchell: we're at our hour here.
Kip Twitchell: We have not covered everything that we had in the agenda but.
Kip Twitchell: we've covered a lot of them.
Kip Twitchell: Are there other items that we need to discuss here, and if we go a minute long.
Andrea Orth: I have some ozzy questions, but I want to leave space for.
Andrea Orth: me, can you bet your ass is from anyone else good.
Kip Twitchell: i'll hang on and we've discussed this a bit.
Ian: I had a total aside thing of the open mainframe i've just posted a link to it, the they're doing an open mainframe education project anybody out there who wants to help the outside world stick your hand up and.
Ian: it's the the as the summary of that project is you guys are all getting old, we need to replace you.
Ian: that's what the projects all about.
Kip Twitchell: yeah that's interesting.
NeilBeesley: that's a nice way of putting it.
Ian: yeah I was gonna be used the oC binocular it decided that.
Ian: You know, politically correct.
bobmcCormack: What about the case of us that are too old already.
Ian: yeah.
Ian: I put my hand up to say I would help, but I don't know what I can do.
Kip Twitchell: Very good.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, then maybe we'll close off our meeting Andrea I can hang on here, and if anyone wants to hang on listen to the discussion happy to have that you've got other things to do, thank you for joining we'll meet again in two weeks and charge forward.
Randall Ness: Okay.
Eugene Morrow: Thank you, Kim.
Kip Twitchell: Thanks everybody.
Ian: say.
Randall Ness: Thanks guys bye.
Kip Twitchell: Andrea do you want to go ahead.
Andrea Orth: There, so when you're talking about when we're in the wordpress another option section.
Andrea Orth: made me wonder has anyone purchased the domains for Rosa yet.
Kip Twitchell: No good good question.
Kip Twitchell: Maybe I should just do that directly with john right.
Andrea Orth: Probably the easiest good.
Kip Twitchell: i'll follow up with him, so I got two questions for john right one on.
Kip Twitchell: going directly to our repo and then that question on the ozzy domain name.
yeah.
Kip Twitchell: I wonder if the domain names out there, maybe I should go see.
Kip Twitchell: godaddy that's where I go.
Andrea Orth: Yes, you are I know so.
Kip Twitchell: policy.org is available for $25,000.
Andrea Orth: To be Osborne.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, but, as always, E dash e.org is only $10 a year so just a little bit difference there.
Sandy Peresie: So instead of oC G it's nosey dash.
Kip Twitchell: dash yeah.
yeah.
doesn't matter.
Andrea Orth: And then that's probably another group that needs a portal website as well.
Kip Twitchell: Like yeah for the like what we have with us today right.
Andrea Orth: Because it yeah.
Kip Twitchell: yeah Andrew that's a good thought.
Andrea Orth: At a minimum i'd like something as I keep dropping open mainframe projects and our internal social media.
Andrea Orth: that's one project where i'd like to you know.
Kip Twitchell: Point it's a broad appeal isn't there Andrea do people get Ahold of that and they say oh that's really interesting.
Andrea Orth: Well that's what i'm hoping will someday happen.
Andrea Orth: yeah I mean I name dropped five or six llp projects today just to media.
Andrea Orth: I don't know if.
Andrea Orth: they're okay thinkers but I did.
Kip Twitchell: yep no sandy that's a good point that and that that Andrew has given us there is that having having a website, in addition to just our github site having something that's a bit more consumable than a readme document.
Kip Twitchell: would be helpful in getting our word out further.
Sandy Peresie: Do we have enough to put on our.
Sandy Peresie: website, I mean.
Kip Twitchell: Well, given my energy level today no.
Sandy Peresie: yeah well, I mean you know I don't know I don't know if I guess the question is, do working groups have websites.
Kip Twitchell: You know, is it just well.
Sandy Peresie: We can then have a website.
Kip Twitchell: So we can we can we can we can set we don't we don't follow rules.
Andrea Orth: Okay well there's at least one working group hanging off the menu project menu at the one P website.
Kip Twitchell: Listen listen sandy by having Andrea involved in our project, there are no rules that's Andrea comes with.
Andrea Orth: Permission a whole lot.
Sandy Peresie: Better to ask forgiveness than permission.
Kip Twitchell: Very well.
Sandy Peresie: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, no that's great Those are two very good questions Andrew, thank you for that.
Andrea Orth: yeah that was pretty much just what I had regarding.
Andrea Orth: Other.
Andrea Orth: I may attempt to.
Andrea Orth: show up occasionally for meetings, but it will mostly.
Andrea Orth: Be you know listening capacity, if I don't have any me meetings that I need to be attending to my day job.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, so you've got permission you got a little bit of brightness there too.
Andrea Orth: I would say i've been discussing with my manager, but I have permission to.
Andrea Orth: I would say, just like I can stream the radio or sit at home, I could stream this meeting.
Andrea Orth: While being.
Andrea Orth: other items.
Excellent that's Nice.
Kip Twitchell: that's great.
Sandy Peresie: Just so just.
Sandy Peresie: So you know, Andrea um I got a response back from the from the github team well actually two responses I got I got a response back from the issue one.
Sandy Peresie: i'm that we're all the things don't show up um but they didn't I didn't like their answer but i'm going to try it anyway, so I think they're just telling me well it's working the way it's supposed to.
Sandy Peresie: You know, and the other one for the jira.
Sandy Peresie: yeah um the.
Sandy Peresie: The patches being applied tonight.
Sandy Peresie: So, at some point tonight the patch will be applied, and then they will attempt to.
Sandy Peresie: connect our journey together and put the due date out there.
Sandy Peresie: cool so um hopefully that all works, and then we can move forward, but you know I would suspect it will take a couple of days before actually see anything i'm The one thing that that I did want to ask you i'm just wondering if maybe too late at this point, but i'm.
Sandy Peresie: i'm not sure if we have to go back to them if we decide that the.
Sandy Peresie: outreach project wants to be a can ban I think we'd probably want to put it under.
Sandy Peresie: The project that already exists as as some type of an epic because I think what would what we would have to do is go back and ask them to connect another one.
Sandy Peresie: Because it's a separate project, as opposed to.
Sandy Peresie: Part of the project that they're already connecting for us so um we'll have to talk about that once.
Andrea Orth: And that's I mean i've already put a couple.
Andrea Orth: website related things under the ci badge epic.
Andrea Orth: But yeah we can make do with them.
Sandy Peresie: Okay, all right well let's see let's see what they what they come up with them, I don't even know if they can do it yet so we'll see what they come up with them, I just want to keep you informed.
Andrea Orth: Top Thank you.
Sandy Peresie: Okay.
Andrea Orth: It kept that aws see blog post, can you post a link to that out slack.
Kip Twitchell: Yes, and give them cool i'll do that right now.
Kip Twitchell: And you know I haven't logged on to that Andrea I.
Kip Twitchell: haven't had competitive energy but i'd be interested to know what you can do with that oops I gave you the wrong link Andrea.
Andrea Orth: yeah via YouTube playlist yes.
Kip Twitchell: The YouTube playlist that I just posted my wife, has a particular condition I just released some videos today.
Kip Twitchell: On.
Kip Twitchell: i've recorded some videos over the last three years, and I just decided to make them public today so that's what that playlist is, if you want.
Kip Twitchell: You want to learn about.
Kip Twitchell: posterior cortical atrophy.
Kip Twitchell: Very separate topic from.
Andrea Orth: And I might just for grants post that.
Andrea Orth: At my employers loves me.
Kip Twitchell: Okay yeah.
Kip Twitchell: Thanks everybody good discussion appreciate all your help.
Sandy Peresie: Right okay okay.
Kip Twitchell: bye bye.